 
Good morning everyone, this is group C composed by Baldoni, Boffa, Fabiani, Lanza and Ravera. [change]

As you may remember, our aim is developing a tool for the city-administration for capturing the users' perspective on the city zones using their geo-tagged content published on the socials.
This is our Test Readiness Review, and we were therefore asked to check whether the theoretical formulation we presented during the previous presentations were actually consistent and in accordance to the final goal. [change]

Examinating our schedule, we therefore ultimated the last passages concerning the classification task; also, as you will see, having positive feedbacks from the test and exploiting the presentation postponing due to the exams, we started working on fancy and capturing ways to present the results we've obtained.[change]

As I previously mentioned, since most of the work regarding the data collection and the clustering phase was already proven to be giving interesting results, our focus was referred to the Colab platform for the classification and on QGis for projecting the considerations on a map. 
I now pass the mic. to Chiara, which will briefly explain our modus operandi and will introduce you to the testing part. [change]

.
.
.
It is finally time for having a look at the Gant chart; as shown in the presentation, we ended the classification tasks and we are now focused on finishing studying some interisting cases (like the one Vincenzo eventually showed) and preparing some results and considerations for the final report. 
Particularly we have been proposed by professor Chiesa to publish the results we achieved as an article; this is why we'd like to ask, in order to accomplish this request and after all the considerations about our presentation have been discussed, whether you'd prefer to have the report by the date we agreed (the second week of April) or if it is ok for you a slight delay to already start writing the report on an article form.

Thanks for the attention and we are now ready to answer to any kind of questions.
